{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1251
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}
{\colortbl;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx792
\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural\pgnx720\pgny720
\fs24\b1Start\b0\fs20\
You arrive home after a long and tiring day, only to realize that there is a long and tiring pile of household chores ahead of you.\
\
Do you:\
\
# \ul Wash the dishes|The Kitchen\ulnone \
# \ul Do the laundry|The bedroom\ulnone \
# \ul Vacuum the living room|The living room\ulnone \
\
\
\fs24\b1StoryTitle\b0\fs20\
\
Household Chores\
\
\fs24\b1StoryAuthor\b0\fs20\
\
by Kanane L. Jones\
\
\fs24\b1The Kitchen\b0\fs20\
The kitchen shows signs of neglect. The sink and counters are piled high with dirty dishes and empty food containers, the garbage is nearly overflowing, the floor is slightly sticky and scattered with crumbs.\
\
\ul Wash the dishes|Dish Washing\ulnone \
\
If you're discouraged by the kitchen, you can work on another task:\
* \ul Do the laundry|The bedroom\ulnone \
* \ul Vacuum the living room|The living room\ulnone \
\
\
\fs24\b1The living room\b0\fs20\
The living room isn't too bad; a little cluttered perhaps, and some detritus left over from late night snacks in front of the TV that need picking up, but mostly it needs a good vacuuming.\
\
\ul Get out the vacuum|Vacuuming\ulnone \
\
Or you can leave this and tackle one of the more challenging and time-consuming tasks:\
* \ul Wash the dishes|The Kitchen\ulnone \
* \ul Do the laundry|The bedroom\ulnone \
\
\
\
\fs24\b1The bedroom\b0\fs20\
The bedroom floor is barely visible under the piles of books and dirty clothes scattered everywhere. Best to start by gathering up the clothes and putting them in the washing machine.\
\
\ul Begin picking up the dirty laundry|Laundry\ulnone \
\
Or you could put it off another day (maybe you still have some spare socks and underwear hiding in the laundry basket or the dryer) and begin on the living room or the kitchen instead:\
* \ul Wash the dishes|The Kitchen\ulnone \
* \ul Vacuum the living room|The living room\ulnone \
\
\
\fs24\b1Dish Washing\b0\fs20\
You decide to approach the intimidating pile of dirty dishes sitting in your sink and on the counters around it.\
\
* \ul Stack the dishes|Stacking Dishes\ulnone \
* \ul Look for the dish soap|Looking for Soap\ulnone \
\
\
\
\fs24\b1Vacuuming\b0\fs20\
\
\
\fs24\b1Laundry\b0\fs20\
\
\
\fs24\b1Stacking Dishes\b0\fs20\
\
You approach the dishes to stack them into some semblence of order before you begin washing them, but you realize before long that you need to take the garbage out first. Various food cartons and other remnants of past hurried meals are deposited amongst the dishes, and you have no hope of organizing any of this without disposing of the detritus first.\
\
*\ul Take out the garbage|Taking Out the Garbage\ulnone \
\
Or leave the dishes for later and work on another task:\
* \ul Do the laundry|The bedroom\ulnone \
* \ul Vacuum the living room|The living room\ulnone \
\
\
\fs24\b1Looking for Soap\b0\fs20\
After shifting some of the piles around from the sink to what little counter space remains, you find the dish soap lying in the bottom of the sink. Most of the soap has leaked out but it looks like there's enough left to finish the dishes.\
\
\fs24\b1Taking Out the Garbage\b0\fs20\
You pull the overstuffed garbage bag out of the garbage can, nearly ripping it in the process. As you lift the unwieldy thing, a hole rips in the side, spilling some of the contents.\
\
\ul Get another garbage bag|Another garbage bag\ulnone \
\ul Carry the garbage out anyway|The broken bag\ulnone \
\
\
\
\fs24\b1Another garbage bag\b0\fs20\
You set the groaning bag down and go to the cupboard to get out an empty one. The box of garbage bags is nearly empty, though; if you use one to enclose the other, you won't have a bag to replace it in the garbage can.\
\
* \ul Save the garbage bag for the can|The broken bag\ulnone \
* \ul Go to the corner store and buy more garbage bags|The corner store\ulnone \
\
Or leave the garbage (and the dishes) for later and work on another task:\
* \ul Do the laundry|The bedroom\ulnone  \
* \ul Vacuum the living room|The living room\ulnone \
\
\
\fs24\b1The broken bag\b0\fs20\
\
\
\fs24\b1The corner store\b0\fs20\
\
\
}